doc: configure bin-packing in helm chart (#537)
kubernetes-sigs/scheduler-plugins: manifests/install/charts/as-a-second-scheduler/README.md

| `controller.replicaCount` | Controller replicaCount     | `1`                                                                                             |
| `plugins.enabled`         | Plugins enabled by default  | `["Coscheduling","CapacityScheduling","NodeResourceTopologyMatch", "NodeResourcesAllocatable"]` |
| `plugins.disabled`        | Plugins disabled by default | `["PrioritySort"]`                                                                              |

###  Configure bin-packing in Helm chart

> If you want to use bin-packing in the helm chart, you need to add code similar to the following in the `pluginConfig` section of `values.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to enable [bin-packing](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/resource-bin-packing/#enabling-bin-packing-using-requestedtocapacityratio) in the helm chart, you need to configure it similar to the following in `pluginConfig` section of `values.yaml`.
```

> ```yaml

Reviewer: please add an empty line between the doc and the code

pluginConfig:
- name: Coscheduling
  args:
    permitWaitingTimeSeconds: 10 # default is 60
- name: NodeResourcesFit
  args:
    scoringStrategy:
      requestedToCapacityRatio:
        shape:
        - utilization: 0
          score: 0
        - utilization: 100
          score: 10
      resources:
      - name: intel.com/foo
        weight: 3
      - name: intel.com/bar
        weight: 3
      type: RequestedToCapacityRatio
```

> Then the ConfigMap will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then the ConfigMap containing `KubeSchedulerConfiguration` will be created:
```

> ```yaml

Reviewer: need an empty line
